Yo
You already know
Capital B with a lowercase g
with a big A!
Boys Generally Asian!
Where my BgA Army at doe?
Please open the refrigrator
Give me the salt quckly
My back is itchy
The sun is really far
I have no friends
We are Boys generally Asian
We are sexy cold noodles
You are a girl
I am a hat
We are potatoes
Ay yo
Ay girl
I just gotta let you know
I have to take a sh*t!
(Poop! Poop! Poop!)
(Poop! Poop!)
I have to take a sh*t!
(Poop! Poop! Poop!)
(Poop! Poop!)
I have to take a sh*t!
(I have to take a sh*t!)
Old lady come and play
(Come and play, come and play)
You wanna die?
(Die! Die!)
I have to take a sh*t!
I have to take a sh*t!!
My stomach is in the butterfly
Your knees are pretty
When I look into your dark heart…
I see your eyes, and they are dry!
We are Boys generally Asian
We are sexy like soybean paste
You are sitting
I am standing
Here’s a tree, for you
(Ay girl you already know what I'm gonna say)
I have to take a sh*t!
(Poop! Poop! Poop!)
(Poop! Poop!)
I have to take a sh*t!
(Poop! Poop! Poop!)
(Poop! Poop!)
I have to take a sh*t!
(I have to take a sh*t!)
Old lady come and play
(Come and play, come and play)
You wanna die?
(Die! Die!)
I have to take a sh*t!
I have to take a-
Ha ha ha!
(Oh, you thought we couldn't dance?)
I have to take a sh*t!
(I have to take a sh*t!)
Old lady come and play
(Come and play, come and play)
You wanna die?
(Die! Die!)
I have to take a sh*t!
I have to take a sh*t!!
I have to take a sh*t